[improve][doc] Add note on client/broker compatibility (#407)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/client-libraries.md

| REST      | [User doc](client-libraries-rest.md)      | [Bundled](pathname:///release-notes/)             | [Bundled](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/tree/master/pulsar-broker)    |
| WebSocket | [User doc](client-libraries-websocket.md) | [Standalone](pathname:///release-notes/client-ws) | [Bundled](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/tree/master/pulsar-websocket) |

:::note 

**Client / Broker compatibility**

> A design goal of Pulsar is to ensure full compatibility between the same major version clients and brokers, e.g. 2.x clients are compatible with all 2.x brokers, etc.

Author: I reached out and chatted w/ a few committers on client/broker compatibility as I found no mention of it in any docs. 

This is the general summarized consensus.

Reviewer: By my understanding, the goal is broader. The Pulsar binary protocol has never introduced breaking changes. The project's goal is to ensure full compatibility between brokers and clients across all versions. This is especially important since we're using a bit of a different understanding of major versions, and we're likely going to release 3.0 soon, and there is no foreseeable reason the protocol will break.

For reference, we version the protocol by adding a new `ProtocolVersion` enum value any time a feature is added. When the client and broker connect, they establish a version to use, and both are supposed to adapt their behavior depending on the agreed upon version.

Here is the source for that enum: https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/950ff441da28e144bdfb71c317a9bc339d4f05b7/pulsar-common/src/main/proto/PulsarApi.proto#L241-L266

@merlimat would you be able to speak to the historical evolution of the protocol?

> A design goal of Pulsar is to ensure full compatibility between the same major version clients and brokers, e.g. 2.x clients are compatible with all 2.x brokers, etc.

Reviewer: Sorry for the delay here @onobc. What do you think about the following?

```suggestion
A design goal of Pulsar is to ensure full compatibility between all versions of the client and the broker. When a client connects to a broker they agree upon a version of the protocol to use. As a result, new features that rely on an updates to the protocol are only available when using both newer clients and newer brokers.
```
